chore: add federated learning example (#295)
zama-ai/concrete-ml: use_case_examples/federated_learning/README.md

# Federated Learning

> This is an example on how to use a federated learning trained model with Concrete ML.

Reviewer: I find `a federated learning trained model` a bit hard to read.

Maybe,

```suggestion
This use case example combines both federated learning for training and Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE) for inference on encrypted data. This approach allows both training and inference in the privacy preserving settings.
```

> This example is based on the example from the [flower blog post on LogisticRegression training using federated learning with flower](https://flower.dev/blog/2021-07-21-federated-scikit-learn-using-flower/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is inspired from the [flower blog post on LogisticRegression training using federated learning with flower](https://flower.dev/blog/2021-07-21-federated-scikit-learn-using-flower/).
```

[Federated learning files source.](https://github.com/adap/flower/tree/9ee473152f2fde2a5b05b99829db27a607dc46ec/examples/sklearn-logreg-mnist)

## Setup

> To run this example you will need to have `concrete-ml` installed and also install the extra requirements from `requirements.txt`, using `python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this example you will need to have `concrete-ml` installed as well as the extra requirements from `requirements.txt`, using `python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`.
```

If you are using macOS with arm then you might need to launch the `./fix_grpc.sh` script for fix the `grpcio` package installation.

## Train the model

> To train the model just use the `run.sh` script from the blogpost.

Reviewer: From the blogpost? It's in this directory, no?

Author: Yes in this directory but the script itself was copied from the files of the blogpost.
I see how that can be confusing, I'll change that.
